1. A description of your data set.
• Explain what your data is about. I.e. what is the overall problem of
interest?
Kickstarter is an online platform to crowndfund projects and ideas. The dataset presented covers around 378000 crowdfunded projects.
The features described are: 
'ID',
'name', The name of the project
'category', 'main_category', what categry it was in
'currency', the currency the project was funded in
'deadline', When the crowdfunding ended
'goal', The seeked amount of money
'launched', Start of the crowdfunding
'pledged', Amount of money received by deadline
'state', Failed , cancelled or succeeded
'backers', number of people backing the project
'country',
'usd_pledged', 'usd_pledged_real', 'usd_goal_real' 


• Provide a reference to where you obtained the data.
https://www.kaggle.com/kemical/kickstarter-projects

• Summarize previous analysis of the data. (i.e. go through one or two
of the original source papers and read what they did to the data and
summarize their results).


• You will be asked to apply (1) Classification, (2) a regression, (3) a clustering, (4) an association mining, and (5) an anomaly detection on your
data in the later reports. For now, we want you to consider how this
should be done. Therefore:

Explain, in the context of your problem of interest, what you hope to
accomplish/learn from the data using these techniques?.
(1) Classification - based on backers, name, amount, category ... predict failiure, maybe predict category from name
(2) a regression - predict the money they end with based on other feature
(3) a clustering - cluster category
(4) an association mining - 
(5) an anomaly detection - find outliers

Explain which attribute you wish to predict in the regression based on
which other attributes? Which class label will you predict based on which
other attributes in the classification task?
If you need to transform the data in order to carry out these tasks, explain roughly how you plan to do this.

2. A detailed explanation of the attributes of the data.
• Describe if the attributes are discrete/continuous, Nominal/Ordinal/Interval/Ratio,

• Give an account of whether there are data issues (i.e. missing values or
corrupted data) and describe them if so.
- unnamed projects
- succeeded projects without backers
- wrong USD_pledged data proided from Kickstarter

• Include basic summary statistics of the attributes.

3. Data visualization(s) based on suitable visualization techniques including a principal component analysis (PCA).
Touch upon the following subjects, 
use visualizations when it appears sensible.

Keep in mind the ACCENT principles and Tufte’s guidelines when you visualize the data.
• Are there issues with outliers in the data,
• do the attributes appear to be normal distributed,
• are variables correlated,
• does the primary machine learning modeling aim appear to be feasible
based on your visualizations.

There are three aspects that needs to be described when you carry out the
PCA analysis for the report:

• The amount of variation explained as a function of the number of PCA
components included,

• the principal directions of the considered PCA components (either find a
way to plot them or interpret them in terms of the features),

• the data projected onto the considered principal components.
If your attributes have different scales you should include the step where the
data is standardizes by the standard deviation prior to the PCA analysis.

4. A discussion explaining what you have learned about the data.
Summarize here the most important things you have learned about the data
and give also your thoughts on whether your primary machine learning aim
appears to be feasible based on your visualization.

